- [When to use the different log levels](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2031163/when-to-use-the-different-log-levels) [[Log]]
	- **Trace** - Only when I would be "tracing" the code and trying to find one **part** of a function specifically.
	- **Debug** - Information that is diagnostically helpful to people more than just developers (IT, sysadmins, etc.).
	- **Info** - Generally useful information to log (service start/stop, configuration assumptions, etc). Info I want to always have available but usually don't care about under normal circumstances. This is my out-of-the-box config level.
	- **Warn** - Anything that can potentially cause application oddities, but for which I am automatically recovering. (Such as switching from a primary to backup server, retrying an operation, missing secondary data, etc.)
	- **Error** - Any error which is fatal to the **operation**, but not the service or application (can't open a required file, missing data, etc.). These errors will force user (administrator, or direct user) intervention. These are usually reserved (in my apps) for incorrect connection strings, missing services, etc.
	- **Fatal** - Any error that is forcing a shutdown of the service or application to prevent data loss (or further data loss). I reserve these only for the most heinous errors and situations where there is guaranteed to have been data corruption or loss.
	- ref: [IBM : Understanding logging levels](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/cognos-analytics/10.2.2?topic=SSEP7J_10.2.2/com.ibm.swg.ba.cognos.ug_rtm_wb.10.2.2.doc/c_n30e74.html)